---
title: "ADPC Standing Meeting Minutes - 2024-03-06"
date: 2024-03-06
meetingTiming: "12:30 PM - 1:30 PM UTC "
type: "notes"
---

### ADPC Standing Meeting Minutes - 2024-03-06

**Date:** March 6, 2024

**Time:** 12:30 PM - 1:30 PM UTC

**Location:** Zoom Call

**Attendees:**

- Sid Shah (Areta)
- Bernard Schmid (Areta)
- Joseph Axisa (Axis Advisory)
- Paul Imseih (Daimon Legal)

---

**1. Review of Means Testing Approaches**

- **Discussion:** The feasibility of implementing a quantitative Means Test was discussed but found impractical. The committee considered the creation of a qualitative test as a viable alternative, which was not opposed by community members.

**2. Timing of Subsidy Fund and Procurement Framework**

- **Discussion:** Concerns were raised about the potential delay if the Subsidy Fund (SF) proposal starts before developing the Procurement Framework (PF).
- **Resolved:** It was decided to expedite the development of the PF to avoid lengthy delays and ensure interconnections between the PF and SF are clearly defined.

**3. Subsidy Distribution Method**

- **Discussion:** The committee debated whether the subsidy should go directly to the service providers (SP) or the recipients.
- **Resolved:** Further analysis is required to make a final decision, with considerations for practical implementation and impact.

**4. Legal Safeguards and Procurement Framework**

- **Discussion:** Paul highlighted the need for a limitation of liability to protect the committee, suggesting the inclusion of a Safe Harbour clause. Concerns about the current impressions from procurement providers were discussed, leading to a call for more granular frameworks.
- **Resolved:** Paul to draft a Safe Harbour agreement for review and consider expediting the development of a procurement toolkit, including RFPs and liability documents.

**5. Transparency and Community Engagement**

- **Discussion:** The necessity for increased transparency was discussed, with proposals to create a dashboard for tracking deliverables, a Home Notion page, and maintaining a private Kanban board.
- **Resolved:** Implement these tools to enhance transparency. Community discussions to be held once a month at 6 PM UTC, with adjustments based on community engagement needs.

**6. Reporting and Conflict of Interest**

- **Discussion:** Regular reporting intervals were discussed, with a proposal for monthly updates via quick posts linked to the relevant sheets to keep the community informed. Additionally, Paul's potential conflict of interest regarding a Security Council seat was reviewed.
- **Resolved:** Continue with monthly reporting. The committee acknowledged Paul's update and confirmed no conflict of interest, clearing him to proceed.

**Tasks Assigned:**

- Sid and Joseph to draft a Google Form for public consultation to benchmark the cost of security services.
- Areta to use the data from the public consultation for benchmarking in the Subsidy Fund.
- Areta to develop a more granular framework for the proposal, which will include types of projects that the Arbitrum Foundation & Offchain Labs would like to fund.
- Paul to work on the Procurement Toolkit and create a Safe Harbour clause for the ADPC.
- Joseph to draft Guidance Notes and Circulars for the Toolkit.
